Uh, what's up?
It's okay, the doctor said
I'm still pregnant
Blame me, then you can rest early.
Should I trust Gu Yunting?
Will he really treat this child well?
Uh-huh.
I haven't burned you in a year, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter
I'm fine, go get busy.
Jiang Yinian, I said I would kill you when I came out
If I had taken my daughter out
I accidentally let her get lost.
I heard recently that she might be in your orphanage
I came here specifically to find you
I have a lot of girls
Does your daughter have any facial features?
She has a cloud birthmark on her body
Nice flat cloud birthmark
It shouldn't be so coincidental
He looks like Snowfield
And cloud birthmarks